Add note of azure blob storage clickpipe private preview (#3797)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/object-storage.md

:::

## Continuous Ingest {#continuous-ingest}

> ClickPipes supports continuous ingestion from S3, GCS, Azure Blob Storage, and DigitalOcean Spaces. When enabled, ClickPipes will continuously ingest data from the specified path, it will poll for new files at a rate of once every 30 seconds. However, new files must be lexically greater than the last ingested file, meaning they must be named in a way that defines the ingestion order. For instance, files named `file1`, `file2`, `file3`, etc., will be ingested sequentially. If a new file is added with a name like `file0`, ClickPipes will not ingest it because it is not lexically greater than the last ingested file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickPipes supports continuous ingestion from S3, GCS, Azure Blob Storage, and DigitalOcean Spaces. When enabled, ClickPipes continuously ingests data from the specified path, and polls for new files at a rate of once every 30 seconds. However, new files must be lexically greater than the last ingested file. This means that they must be named in a way that defines the ingestion order. For instance, files named `file1`, `file2`, `file3`, etc., will be ingested sequentially. If a new file is added with a name like `file0`, ClickPipes will not ingest it because it is not lexically greater than the last ingested file.
```
